[Music]
What's up my kids I'm very serious
today okay this video this video I don't know
how it's going to turn out but
something happened that I didn't expect at all I
promise you that I was thinking of spending the rest
of the month without touching the controversy
making funny videos and like
yesterday's and such but the thing is that this attack is
free well I don't know if you know who it
is but das made me a video if you don't
know who you are no I'm not going to do it and I'm
going to put a title value the title if I
want to put the copy of the ifee because it
will surely give me more visits than putting it as is
but no I'm not going to use
the joke that he's a youtuber who
copies live it during this whole video
and he made me dude a [ __ ] criticism and he
went he went to kill and that was
very bad das you're going to see it with me in
this video and the first thing I have to
say is thank you thank you thank you
because I didn't know in which video to do it and
this video is going to be very useful for me to
tell my subscribers that I
found a fantastic website to
buy things in the US I'm going to  leave the
link in the description and I'm going to
apply more or less of what it's worth on
many occasions you want to buy
products on North American websites
if you find really cool things you will
find really cool things that maybe they are
not available in euros
in Latin America depending on where it is and
also at a good price because
generally in the US the way of
taxes is different from that of Spain and there
are many occasions in which we
find appliances
electronic devices video games everything at a
much cheaper price than
buying it here in Spain I'm going to give you
the example on this page I'm going to buy
a 65 inch 4k television with
wifi in short a [ __ ] crazy
television that normally would cost about
1300 dollars but I had to buy it
for 725 because I'm the [ __ ] boss and you
can be too what's the problem
because when we go to buy we go to the
cart to pay we find
that they send us products outside the
United States and this is something that doesn't
only happen on this page it happens on a
lot of pages and we miss a
lot of occasions  This reason is no longer the
only reason
we can also face the fact that there is
no viable payment method from
Europe to the US because they do not accept PayPal and
because they do not accept the credit card
that you have in your bank in Spain. And what
is the function of this page that was
presented called S Go By? Well, it's very
simple, we just have to
register on the
page where registration is super easy and
you're going to find something like this. No, what you
have is my address in the US.
Basically what this website does
is give you a kind of what
would be here in Spain, the
PO box is a fictitious address that you
have in the US where you can order
packages. Basically what this
page does is act as an intermediary. You are going to
take it when you go to buy something and you are going to
enter the postal address that they give you
here and the information that you have here. You are going to
use this website also as a
payment method on the US page. And I have to
tell you that it is a highly
recommended page, very reliable, very transparent.
In addition, it is worth it through its calculator,
you can estimate what shipping costs there will be
for the product to arrive.  package to
spain'
well when I say from spain because
I'm talking about myself but you
can use this website from
anywhere in the world so if you are a
person who loves to shop
online and likes to discover stores from
all over the world it is
essential that you are registered on
this website s go by dot com I leave
the link in the description so that you do not
have any impediment in buying on a
US website well
gentlemen as I was saying at the
beginning of the video before straining osa y
todo they pay them it turns out that Mr.
das das r&b yesterday uploaded a video that
was basically a quite
destructive criticism of the criticism channels
but not the criticism channels
basically this video and it is directed at
now temple and his brother and me
directly because there are many other
criticism channels such as
will hate
aurum play but it seems that those that do
not enter the age radar well in case you do
not want to swallow the whole video and to
what I am going to answer him well here I
leave you a small summary of what
his video was
[Music]
and well after this little summary
I imagine that you are all watching the
video life a good line a good light
because I deserved it and without further
delay I'm going to move on to the long version
the long version of my answer so
here we go a long time ago I stopped
paying attention to people who were
hitting on me or who said something
against me simply because I don't give a damn come on it's that
I absolutely don't care and I
still don't give a damn but but I've
realized something and that is that when you don't give your
opinion constantly it's like you
start to give ground well with
giving ground I see clearly the
intention of the criticism here and it is that at
least what happened is that he has
realized that with his videos of the
little one's story he gives the videos to
closed cases that the closed case is
more dead since his brother's channel
or his minecraft replays well he is not
getting the results that he
wants to achieve this can be
translated into very simple language he
has said something like if you don't
get into the mess they will eat up your ground what
you  they gain ground this is very
simple we can compare it to a
cake that maybe there are not pieces of
cake for everyone although if we
divide them among many then the piece of
cake is not the same size and there are people
who somehow relate my channel
with the channel of those people, I mean
who the [ __ ] does this have to do with the
naut airplay channel or javi oliveira or
his
brother what the [ __ ] does this have to do
with the channel of those guys here I have to
admit that I totally
agree with what dani said it's that I have to [ __ ] with
the
javier libera channel the the laughter
play channel and his brother's channel with the
shitty topics that we cover what the
[ __ ] why are people so crazy to
[ __ ] and compare the homemade content
with the content that his brother makes
an out el play or that [ __ ] javi
oliveira who only knows how to talk about
dallas I really don't understand
people many times they are crazy and I
have no [ __ ] idea why the [ __ ] they
start comparing this kid, this
piece of youtube with the [ __ ] shitty
content that the rest of us make  it's that
people are crazy and I
think that the critical content is not in
good hands right now I have nothing personal
against any youtube in particular and
with some I can even get along more
or less but if you are doing a
[ __ ] [ __ ] here he completely I think
David yes it is true that you and I do not
get along badly things are as they
are but to tell me that your criticism was not
personal you can not
sell me the motorcycle that you do not go
personal and put this [ __ ] photo in
the thumbnail or rather what the [ __ ] is going on with this
[ __ ] photo I am going to have to report
to [ __ ] google because every time it
searches for javi oliveira
this garbage photo of mine that I do not know what
[ __ ] video it is even from and I do not know
when this [ __ ] was taken
no but what is worse is that
this photo and this other photo are viral since it
will not be because I am not good looking I do not have
nice photos out there that the photos that they
use the most when they criticize me
is this one and I find it in very bad taste
daguerre bn I find it in very bad taste that they
come telling me no no  personal and
put this [ __ ] photo in the thumbnail already
what you tell me that my videos are
[ __ ] that you think they are [ __ ] that what I
do is very wrong well you are going to
answer yourself with this video but the thing is
that all my videos are [ __ ] [ __ ] I
mean we know that and if someone
wants to say hey this video is [ __ ]
[ __ ] let them say it is their right
now what we can't do here
is tell me what I have to upload or
stop uploading and give me orders I mean you
can rate what I do if you
think it's [ __ ] and you didn't like
it tell me and I will pass on your opinion
surely by the balls I am not
going to fool you either wise oliveira and his
brother no no no they are not criticism channels
or who the [ __ ] can think that
they are criticism channels of an eagle [ __ ]
with already they are criticism channels they are
mercenaries he has some time ago the
god of his brother and javi oliveira was
based in practice
entirely on messing with dallas
my mother dallas this will give the other
because because public opinion was
against  dallas and gave visits to mess
with nothing that things that now for
various reasons are more fashionable to mess ate and
these channels have become
content messing with honey
basically because the mass fides or rather
this has seemed to me quite quite
lamentable age knows perfectly well
why the change of opinion in my
videos or rather if at no time do I
hide from saying that in the time in
which I gave so many sticks to dallas for the
first reason that I did it has always
been for visits worth money that has
always recognized that here the
bad thing is not so much they do things as
then they do not show their face and recognize it and the thing is that
at that time apart from the fact that it gave
many visits to mess with dallas I
was also friends with some people who
gave me some ideas in my head there are
some stories that in results later may
not be true but I believe that in the
last videos on that subject because I
upload more content not only the
story of linear dallas I believe that
gives two reasons more than enough
to explain why I changed my
mind I think that maybe the fact
of having a call and some audios of
the complainants of the December trial
telling me that everything was basically a
contextual lie because for example the fact
that they're saying that they don't have the
dog that the dog would love them and
Argos's twin brother and then I have
some whatsapps from my air's mother
telling me that it could get lost again
well I think that's more than
enough reason to have changed my
mind with these people and there are three or
four examples that I just put to you that have
come to mind but
let's go the videos I express much more
extensively and in fact I'm surprised
that you catch me if you tell me this when
you yourself like videos of mine like
for example this video I made
against Dallas that I had to withdraw
due to a lawsuit as you all
know a video with which by the way you
got quite hard this is the time
against Dallas okay you liked my video and
remember what you put to me the day I
uploaded the one that innovates and you put
all this on twitter come on you didn't
hide at any time or rather
you like applaud my videos both
before when I had an opinion and
now when  I have the other one so we
could say that in part you also
thought one thing and now think about the
other. Personally, I have often
had the opportunity to make videos
about certain topics that would have
benefited me in the short term, the truth is that they
would have given me quite a few views but I have not
done it, I have not done it because how
you must feel when you are aware
that everything you have you owe to
the person you are messing with,
how you must feel when you think that if,
for example, you will give or I will do, if
your channel did not exist, it would have 10
subscribers. Well, here you are resorting
to cheap demagoguery, not
disgusting moralism, and this seems very
regrettable to me. Okay, the thing is, how do you
feel living off others? Your channel
would be nothing if it weren't for the
controversies
[Music]
all the channels owe their existence to
something, okay, some topic that has hit it off
and they have known how to exploit it. Yes, it is
true that of all the criticisms that I
make because I make criticisms of all the
viral topics, the ones that I exploit the most are
the topics of Dallas, I will do it. It also
works very well for me, for example, what
happens is that Win Michu  he doesn't get into as many
troubles as these two but it
is true and at no time do I deny it
that the topic that works best for me is the
topic that exploded the most for that very reason
because we are here to make a
business and it seems to me a cheap moralism
of that feeling that if it weren't
for this your channel would not exist if
the forma and the ninja channel did not exist
the lolita channel would not exist they would not
even have three subscribers if
indica did not exist the turbo plan would
never have exploded if
cinema or television series did not exist channels
like friki doctor or
movie boxes would not exist
review channels would not exist if there was no
charru lee site the win michu channel would
surely continue with a thousand
subscribers if there were no wintour site the
waking channel puto amo would not even
exist if it had not existed of the
review the my art channel would not have existed either
if it did not exist in
makeup the delhi channel if it did not exist if it did not exist if it if we
put it like this all channels
exist for some reason because at some
point they have exploited a topic and
people have liked it  charisma or have become
hooked on those channels because they have
known between
basically and well ends up answering
this about his brother much better than me
when it was a lake I remind you that
when you didn't even have 50 thousand
subscribers or you were around there
you were lucky enough to make a
funny pseudo satirical criticism of
volador volador was at that moment
well in a way that he did like
a reaction and from there you won
exactly because I remember the
figure 36 thousand subscribers in a month
Mara and it was like boom the takeoff that
you made and if we could say that if at
that moment it was the cavity it's time for your
face well maybe today I would never have
reached the figure that you have
reached today
[Music]
e e
and that of taking and releasing and by the face
I have been able to make this video and have
many visits but that seems to me like a
[ __ ] like that same that is a
lot left over like for example when his
brother offered him the collaboration
with Drake Molt and he simply did not
reject it but he rejected it but he also
told his audience
hey that  you know that I have rejected this
promotion because I am the hottest guy
in the world or the m of showcase or the same
when you do an act because you do not
think it is right it is not necessary that you
tell everyone so that they give you
a pat on the back and we eat your
balls when you reject to do something
because it comes from within because it comes
from your heart and not just to look good,
well you do it in two or three that going around
telling people I know perfectly well
what you are referring to with this
we have talked about it but well it is not necessary to
take private things out here but I already
told you that if I were you I would not be stupid I would
not look out for anyone this is a business
if you do not take advantage of the subject it is a
problem not mine the screwed up thing from the
supposed criticism channels is that there
are no criticism channels to
criticism channels I mean there is no one who
criticizes a criticism channel because
the channels that criticize do not
criticize themselves of course of course of course yes of
course there is no
one who criticizes the
criticism channels because of course the
criticism channels do not criticize themselves
really as I am seeing  this video I
really think is a wave I don't think he
made this video seriously if he
did it seriously he doesn't even know what they're
talking about and to me youtubers who
have retracted their words 50
times I apologize to I don't know who because
I was wrong I was wrong in his
opinion your opinion is worth less to me than a
beti pin this good I'm going to take it
as alluded to here because the only one who
has retracted something like that that
comes to mind without quickly between naut
airplay his brother and I well it has been
me with the video apologies to dallas that I
remind you that apart from being part of
a conciliation it was because I
made some slander with that youtube I
gave it to my thing as an abuser
pedophile the thing like that thing that almost all of us
understood we believed was the truth but
in the end it turned out to be that it was proven to be
false so I think it doesn't
hurt to apologize to people when you
go too far with them not only because of the
fact that there is a complaint that I
forced you but because I really believe that they
are things that  They come not only
apologize for the people when there was
a complaint in between but listen
when it happened to me with someone maybe with
insults or maybe with giving a
wrong opinion, I had no problem
treating me in fact I disagree
with you of someone who thinks that that is
a reason to distrust a person
who gives their opinion on the internet the fact
that they ask for forgiveness when they are wrong
seems to me the complete opposite that it is
something that honors you and that it is something
of a person who is trustworthy because you
know that if that person is wrong
later they will not have any problem in
admitting it the data that we handled
last year is not the same data that we
are handling this year and it is
normal that this change of opinion not the
channel is like the wild hater or the
turbo plant and this and these people that I would
put them more in a bag of
semi-humor entertainment channels
[Music]
efe will and kate the
entertainment and semi-humor channel careful I know
my humor and entertainment
[Music]
wilster is a channel that does exactly
the same [ __ ] [ __ ] that we do naut
airplay his brother and I  with the
difference that for some reason not to
be which when a week or
so passes after uploading the videos of sal
you change the title I don't know why it does it
but it changes the titles
I think it's for what it was milk that faces
that puts the name of youtuber
grande in the title of his videos
we record do not [ __ ] with me what shitty
channels of criticism that we have it is that I would
save euro in play because it is the willy
rex of the criticisms to whiter because
because he is a colleague of mine in the end it is
a factor too that so this this
youtuber of objective criticism that
we need thanks dad thank you for
giving me lessons of credibility to me the
fact that you say that they do the same
as me but from satire it seems to me that you do not
have balls to say things to the
face dude I mean according to doubt you have to
distrust me because on some
occasion kind of excuse me when I was
wrong but we do not have to
distrust you look in this tweet when
dallas asks you you did not qualify [ __ ]
sometimes you tell him the same thing that you
could throw at win michu but well I am
a bit like throwing [ __ ] at  everyone from
satire from satire das it seems to you
that this click that I'm going to put now is
from satire nothing that is an expert
in making his life a
lamentable scenario and then selling that he has been
doing it for a [ __ ] number of
years and it started when they started
throwing stones at his house ferret play and his
henchmen dallas has finally found his
dog that was supposedly
missing or dead I don't know what the [ __ ] I
don't know what the supposed state of the
dog was okay it was schrdinger's dog and it
turns out that in the end the dog was at
my mother's house or at my parents' house
ares kidnapped and dallas went
there with his girlfriend and some thugs or some
friends call it what you want and they hit each other
or something like that what a point
little egg man I am one I am playing a
lot making this video I know that I am
going to gain a lot of friends but I
who gave myself to take a
season too calm and let's
see where this takes us from age of
like to this [ __ ] to set fire to the
panorama as much as possible well let's see
enemies  don't count me as an enemy
okay because I have no problem
with this video that he made us because
in fact it doesn't make me feel bad he hasn't
disrespected me it
was simply his opinion what happens is that from
my point of view because of this gentleman's opinion it has
been quite misguided
for me it has been a slip in fact I
want to understand that I have made this criticism on
purpose as if to enter a
little bit to play with what he
said at the end
and so that the world burns as much as
possible more or less what he tells us in
the video is that there are no critics well
okay all critics are
[ __ ] [ __ ] and that he is going to put
the subject of criticism back into his content let's
see I do not consider myself a
professional of criticism no yes it is
true that I love my videos and I
have to feel that clear
when I make a video before uploading it to
youtube I watch it I think this video I would
watch it if not I would not upload it if I
think that I don't like it I don't think that
people are going to like it and there
was not one thing that I don't like or  me
but at no time do I consider myself a
professional critic who is
perfect that I have never been wrong, I give
my point of view, my opinion may be
right, I may be wrong, I may
change it, I am a [ __ ] character
from his house making videos whose purpose
is to save a little, disconnect from
real life and above all entertain the
people who follow me who will later come to
tell me that they are going to come here to
compete with me with the criticisms, well look,
we have this video here for example that is
titled response to wind and git and now
when we get to see the criticism
you have been thinking that within what
I am in my last video I was watching
and such and I said those who are right those
who put so 6 points minutes of
filler talking about your [ __ ] life because
is that minute or not but really I
am not asking for them because by cristal mander does
not exist I understand which ones I want to
participate in a draw whose freak
minute 3 is talking about pokmon in it is
obvious finally to finish the point
I had to start with giving validity to the
stern draw before because there will really
be something to raffle and the world
will explode minute 5  keep talking about
pokemon and so another very good review of
yours the salt that I found has been this one
in which he criticizes a video from my area I
had to write a comment
explaining to him how much I
had loved his video
specter
if I put
the comment as a laugh because you already know that I am me I am like that I am a joker so nothing kid this has been my response to the gentleman you take for granted nothing personal you are going to get away from me putting a shitty face on the miniature
because I am not the one who makes my
miniatures that blood does not run through your
veins my weapon that has strawberry milkshake there
and I'll see you in the next
video that will be soon